Style Guide and Diataxis Review: Wallet IV (#1000)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: documentation/docs/libraries/python/getting_started.md

- install
- pip
- unpack
- reference
---
# Getting Started with IOTA Wallet Python Binding

## Security

:::note

> In a production setup, do not store passwords in the host's environment variables or in the source code. For reference, review our [backup and security recommendations](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/guides/backup_security) for production setups.

Reviewer: this should be a wiki link

:::

## Installation

> For you to get the python binding working, you need to leverage pre-built python libraries for linux, MacOs, or Windows that can be installed to your python environment (3.6+) via _pip_ . The binding is automatically generated using github [actions](https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet.rs/actions/workflows/python_binding_publish.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the python binding working, you need to leverage pre-built python libraries for linux, MacOs, or Windows. You can install these to your python environment (3.6+) using _pip_ . The binding is automatically generated using [GitHub actions](https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet.rs/actions/workflows/python_binding_publish.yml).
```

pip install <wheel_file>
```

Once it has been installed, you can double-check the installation using _pip_ :

```bash
pip list
```

The pip list should now include the _iota-wallet-python-binding_:

```plaintext
Package                    Version
-------------------------- -------
iota-wallet-python-binding 0.1.0
```

> Once your python environment has installed the `iota-wallet-python-binding` , you can start developing using the python binding.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be
```suggestion
Once your python environment has installed the `iota-wallet-python-binding`, you can start developing using the python binding.
```
?

Author: Sorry, VS+grammarly makes it hard with the spacing. Fixing now👌

## Usage

To use the _iota_wallet_ you will need to add an import statement:  

```python
import iota_wallet
```

If you'd like more information on the _iota_wallet_ , you can print the documentation using the following snippet:

> ```python

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```python
````
